Now let's work on just getting the hair a little bit more shaped the way we'd like it.
I think what I'll do is tab and edit mode and I'll change to the proportional editing tool here.
I will enable it.
And then what we can do is just begin selecting a point here and hitting G.
And then we can scroll the mouse wheel again and just begin moving in or out depending on what you need.
I think I'd like this area to maybe come up a little more maybe this could come up and I'm just going
to try and get it to look a little bit more like I have in my head.
That's all I think I'd maybe like to take this and move it up just a bit.
Like this and I feel like we need these to come up a little bit too so maybe I'll go to the side view
here and just hit G and move this up I'll hit ult Z again so I can see through this and maybe I'll select
one over here on the other side and do that same thing.
So we kind of bring them up in the same way it looks to me like we may need to bring this area out some
back here I'll hit G.
And let's just move this out a bit like that we could maybe grab this and move this out so you can see
all I'm doing is just selecting a point using the proportional editing tool just to get it a little
bit more in line with what I was imagining.
I mean tumble around here and see how we're doing
yeah I think I may want to bring those sideburns down just a little bit more you can see how it's pretty
far down here and there's kind of a more of a straight up and down angle there and I think I kind of
like that.
So I'm going to bring this down just a bit.
Let me press control three to go to the left or the graphic and I'll just bring this down and then scroll
in a bit.
Maybe grab this one bring this up maybe here and bring this up a bit Yeah I think we're getting there
and let me go to the side view here and press all dizzy and see what I can see over on that side.
Yeah.
So I just feel like I need to bring this down a bit maybe I'll grab this and bring this up again.
There we go.
All right.
Let's see how we're doing.
I see.
There's an edge here and an edge here that I think maybe I'll just scale out in the X S and X Oh let
me turn off the proportional editing tool with the okey and then S and X again and pull those out just
a bit.
Let's see if that helps at all maybe a little yeah.
OK.
I think that's pretty good.
I'm just tumbling around trying to see if there's anything I want to try and fix at this point in the
game maybe I'll bring it up just a little bit over here me I feel like maybe in the front here I'm gonna
hit oh to turn on the proportional editing tool again hit G bring this out and then scroll out like
that.
There we go.
And maybe back here now that I take a look at it.
So just go through and use the proportional editing tool to try and mold it to shape it the way you
want.
Maybe I'll bring this in just a little bit.
Like uh.
And I'm just trying to look at it from all points of view here from all angles Yeah.
I think that's pretty good.
All right.
So now what I want to do is delete some of the bases on the inside because we just don't need all of
the geometry that's on the inside.
And once I do that then I'm going to begin pulling some points into mold it to the head just a little
bit better along here.
So first of all let's select that hair and let's hit the division key on the number pad and it doesn't
look like it's working real well let me try that again.
There we go.
That's the way it's supposed to work.
Let's tab and edit mode and I'll hit the three key and go to face mode and what I'd like to do is just
select some of these bases in here and then I'm going to press control plus to expand the selection
out like this until I get about what I want here I think I want to go out to here let some alt shift
click right between these two faces and that'll D select that row and I'll do the same thing here.
Perhaps I should d select these and then I'm going to come back and press shift and select these along
here.
I feel like I could d select this and this and I feel like these are a little bit close to the edge
as well so maybe I'll D select those.
I'm just trying to leave a good rim a good collection of edges along here yeah.
I think this is pretty good.
Let's go ahead and delete these.
So now with all of these selected I'll just hit X and delete faces and there we go.
So now we've got the inside of the hair all deleted out of there so we won't have extra polygons on
our character if we aren't going to see something.
We should probably delete it.
So I mean tab back into object mode.
Get the division key to bring everything else back.
And now it's come in here and begin adjusting some of these points so they mold to the head just a little
bit better.
So I go to vertex select mode and let's just kind of grab some of these and begin pulling them in.
But let's turn off that proportional editing tool.
Press the okey again and let's just bring these back in here like this.
Now we may also need to bring them up some too but that's OK.
We can do that.
Oh here we go.
I'm just going to bring them in like this and begin connecting them or closing off this gap we have
between the head and the hair.
We don't want to be able to see up into the head between the hair and the head here right up move this
in and this and I'll just continue on along here until we get them all closed up.
All right now as I mentioned I'm going to need to come in here and select some of these and pull them
up.
You don't need them this low on the head here
all right.
Let's see how that looks.
Yep we've got that closed off there.
Let's take a look around the back and see if there's any areas that need to be closed off back there.
No I think that's pretty good.
OK so we now have our whole character modeled and ready to go in the next part of the course.
What we're going to be doing is going in and you V.
Mapping each of the parts of the character.
And then once we have them all you ve mapped will combine everything and pack them all in to a single
UV map.
So that's coming up next.